Free Style Carrom Instructions:

After first running the program the starting panel will
present you with multiple options. First is to start
a new carrom game. Another is a drop down box which allows
you to choose what song you want to play. Once you have
selected a song from the drop down box hit the select
button to play the song. The score button allows
you to input your name, the score you got, into a
file of your choice. The View Score button allows you
to type in the filename which has your scores and view 
your past scores. 

Once you hit the start game button the game will commence.
This game can be played by yourself, however it is designed
to be a two player game. One player aims to hit all the black
and red pieces on the board into the holes, and the other player
goal is to get the white and red pieces into the hole. 

The game starts with the striker immediatly hitting the center.
Player two then chooses a spot on the carrom board to place
the striker. The striker will not be placed if the spot choosen is
not a valid spot. Valid ranges include the red circle, and the
rectangular space that connect the two red circles. The game
progresses like a normal game of carrom however the striker only 
goes toward the middle to increase the difficulty. 

As the game progresses players may want to increase the speed of the
striker in order to move pieces further. This can be done by pressing W
which will add powder. Powder increases the speed of the striker
allowing it to go faster. Players are able to hit other oppenents
pieces into the holes on their turn, however this will still count
toward the oppenents score. If the striker goes into one of the holes
that person turn automatically ends and the striker is placed back on
the board. The next player can then choose where they want to place the
striker to resume the game.

The game ends once there are no more pieces
left on the board to hit into the holes on each corner of the board.
Once a game ends, it does not automatically save your score. 
You will need to manually input your score using the Score
button in the starting panel. 